Capture instructions for building `runtime` repo with new compiler (#48034)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/contributing/Building, Debugging, and Testing on Windows.md

where the various `CodeAnalysis` modules were loaded from (the `RoslynDev` should load them somewhere 
under `AppData`, not from `Program File`).

> ### Testing on the `runtime` repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Testing on the [dotnet/runtime](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime) repo
```

> 1. make sure that you can build the `runtime` repo as baseline (install some pre-requisites then `build.cmd`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. make sure that you can build the `runtime` repo as baseline (run `build.cmd libs`, installing any prerequisites if prompted to)
  - see https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/master/docs/workflow/building/libraries/README.md for more details
```

feeling less confident in linking directly into runtime repo docs, since we won't quickly discover if the links break, but it will probably help overall.

2. `build.cmd -pack` on your `roslyn` repo
3. in `%userprofile%\.nuget\packages\microsoft.net.compilers.toolset` delete the version of the toolset that you just packed so that the new one will get put into the cache
4. modify your local enlistment of `runtime` as illustrated in [this commit](https://github.com/RikkiGibson/runtime/commit/da3c6d96c3764e571269b07650a374678b476384) using the local path to your `roslyn` repo and with the package version you just packed, then build again
    - add `<RestoreAdditionalProjectSources><PATH-TO-YOUR-ROSLYN-ENLISTMENT>\artifacts\packages\Debug\Shipping\</RestoreAdditionalProjectSources>` to `Directory.Build.props`

>     - add `<MicrosoftNetCompilersToolsetVersion>3.9.0-dev</MicrosoftNetCompilersToolsetVersion>` to `eng/Versions.props`

Reviewer: should we somehow indicate that this example version is likely to be out of date at the time that someone finds and tries to follow these instructions, and how to figure out the correct version to put in this attribute?

Author: Tweaked to clarify (hopefully)
